Suggestion from the Forum (#1235)
camunda/camunda-docs-manual: content/reference/bpmn20/tasks/service-task.md

             camunda:expression="${myBean.doWork()}" />
```

> Be aware that the three extension `camunda:class`, `camunda:expression` and `camunda:delegateExpression` are mutual exclusive. Only one will be used by the process engine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be aware that the three extensions `camunda:class`, `camunda:expression`, and `camunda:delegateExpression` are mutually exclusive. The process engine will use only one.
```
